hello everybody today we'll be preparing
veg Buddha pum this dosa is very tasty
it's our it's got a little bit of heat
and that's called all the vegetables in
it so tasty and YUM now what I've done
is in a wok I've heated a wok on medium
flame to that I have added ghee and then
I have first of all tempered the ghee
with some asafoetida and cumin seeds
once the cumin seeds star splutter then
I've added finely chopped onions grated
carrots frozen peas finely chopped bell
pepper chilies and curry leaves now I'm
gonna sprinkle a little bit of water and
a little bit of salt as per taste and
I'm just going to give this a good stir
and fry it place a cover and allow that
which we used to cook thoroughly now
once it is cooked I'm going to go ahead
and transfer the veggies inside me those
are batter directly
now this those our batter is about two
days old
I'm just going to transfer it into the
dosa batter give it a good mix I'm going
to check for seasoning if required I'll
add seasoning we'll brough salt and
you're a good mix and start preparing
the dosa the recipe in detail I posted
in my blog blog links will be posted in
the description box below this video if
you like this video do give it a thumbs
up and you can also visit me on my
Facebook fan page like my Facebook fan
page and you can communicate to me a lot
over there and we can have regular
interaction on Facebook
and I've posted all beauty recipes and
all sorts of steps on my facebook so you
can visit me over there and you can see
what I've done over there what I've done
over here right now is I've gone ahead
and heated a skillet has seasoned the
skillet you can also visit that video
I'll post all the links in the
description box below and I prepare I
prepare a dosa I needle the batter
swirled it and prepare the dosa then I'm
gonna sprinkle up a little bit of oil
and ghee cover this and cook this till
it turns crisp to one side and then I'm
going to flip it and cook it to the
other side the same ways and I do have a
Tamil channel it's the recipes are
translated in Tamil I post the link for
my Tamil channel also in the description
box below
once this those are thrown nice and
crispy I'm going to go ahead and serve
this with some chutney the recipe was
excellent do try this and post your
comments I'll see you soon with the next
recipe until then thanks for watching
friends bye bye